superMario/state/StateMenuTest.java
 superMario.state.StateMenuTest
superMario/model/game/MovingElementTest.java
 superMario.model.game.MovingElementTest
superMario/model/game/EnemyTest.java
 superMario.model.game.EnemyTest
superMario/state/StateTransitionTest.java
 superMario.state.StateTransitionTest
superMario/model/game/BrickTest.java
 superMario.model.game.BrickTest
superMario/controller/game/CharacterControllerTest.java
 superMario.controller.game.CharacterControllerTest
superMario/model/game/LevelTest.java
 superMario.model.game.LevelTest
superMario/model/game/ElementTest.java
 superMario.model.game.ElementTest
 superMario.model.game.ElementTest$Stub
superMario/controller/menu/MenuControllerTest.java
 superMario.controller.menu.MenuControllerTest
superMario/model/menu/MenuTest.java
 superMario.model.menu.MenuTest
 superMario.model.menu.MenuTest$StubMenu
superMario/model/game/MapTest.java
 superMario.model.game.MapTest
superMario/model/menu/ButtonTest.java
 superMario.model.menu.ButtonTest
 superMario.model.menu.ButtonTest$1
superMario/state/StateGameOverTest.java
 superMario.state.StateGameOverTest
superMario/gui/LanternaGUITest.java
 superMario.gui.LanternaGUITest
superMario/model/game/CharacterTest.java
 superMario.model.game.CharacterTest
 superMario.model.game.CharacterTest$Stub
superMario/controller/menu/GameOverControllerTest.java
 superMario.controller.menu.GameOverControllerTest
superMario/controller/ControllerTest.java
 superMario.controller.ControllerTest
superMario/model/PositionTest.java
 superMario.model.PositionTest
superMario/model/game/InfoTest.java
 superMario.model.game.InfoTest
superMario/controller/menu/TransitionControllerTest.java
 superMario.controller.menu.TransitionControllerTest
superMario/state/StatePlayTest.java
 superMario.state.StatePlayTest
superMario/model/game/ViewOnlyElementTest.java
 superMario.model.game.ViewOnlyElementTest
